License Agreement:
-------------------------------

You, the Licensee, assume responsibility for the selection
of the module Commerce Bug to achieve your intended results,
and for the installation, use, and results obtained from the
program.  Installing the module, or downloading and
installing the module, constitutes your acceptance of these
terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and
conditions, then do not download and install the program.


License:
-------------------------------

You may use the program and documentation on not more than
one (1) machines per license purchased and copy the program
and documentation into any machine-readable or printed form
for backup or support of your use of the program and
documentation, provided that no copy of the program and
documentation may be used by anyone other than you. You may
not use or copy the program or documentation, or any copy
thereof, in whole or in part, except as provided in this
Agreement. You also may not modify or transfer (whether or
not for consideration) the program or documentation, or any
copy thereof, in whole or in part. If you use, copy, modify,
or transfer the program or documentation, or any copy
thereof, in whole or part, except as expressly provided for
in this agreement, your license is automatically terminated. 

Term:
-------------------------------

The license is effective on the date you accept this
Agreement, and remains in effect until terminated as
indicated above or until you terminate it. If the license is
terminated for any reason, you agree to destroy the program
and documentation, together with all copies thereof, in
whole or in part, in any form, and to cease all use of the
program and documentation. 

Limited Warranty and Limitation of Remedies:
-------------------------------

The program, documentation and any support is provided "as
is" and without warranty, express and implied, including but
not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability and
ﬁtness for a particular purpose. In no event will Alan Storm
be liable for any damages, including lost proﬁts, lost
savings, or other incidental or consequential damages, even
if Alan Storm is advised of the possibility of such damages,
or for any claim by you or any third party. 


General Terms:
-------------------------------

This Agreement can only be modiﬁed by a written agreement
signed by you and Alan Storm and changes from the terms and
conditions of this Agreement made in any other manner will
be of no effect. If any portion of this Agreement shall be
held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity,
legality, and enforceability of the remainder of the
Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby. As required by United States export regulations,
you shall not permit export of the program or any direct
products thereof to any country to which export is then
controlled by the United States Bureau of Export
Administration, unless you have that agency's prior written
approval. Use of the program and documentation by military
and civilian ofﬁces, branches or agencies of the U.S.
Government is restricted in accordance with the applicable
Federal Acquisition Regulations (under which the program and
documentation constitute "restricted computer software" that
is "commercial computer software") or Department of Defense
Federal Acquisition Regulations Supplement (under which the
program and documentation constitute "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation")
to that consistent with only those rights as are granted
pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. 
